# Ziah Orion and Kyle Walbrun

**Meeting Date:** 12th Jan, 2026 - 12:30 PM

---

**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[00:00]*: Like, like saxophone, but like converted into more like EDM electronic type. I mean, I've been grooving on it, man, quite a bit. And it's funny because Haven's husband, he's a musician and he's in a band, and you bring it up to him and he'll have a much different perspective on. 
**Ziah** *[00:19]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[00:20]*: AI generated music, that's for sure. 
**Ziah** *[00:22]*: Yeah. I find a lot of creatives right now and I tell them what I do. I have to be kind of careful to not talk about too much of the. Or too many of the projects I'm working on because they get a little triggered about it, you know? 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[00:32]*: Yeah, I love it. 
**Ziah** *[00:33]*: I think that's one of the real groups that's getting displaced right now. I love seeing that Fixer is joining us as well. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[00:40]*: Absolutely, man, absolutely. Yeah, we. So we've been using it as a leadership team now for a while for inbox and call recordings. The inbox has been dialed in. Really impressed with that. 
**Ziah** *[00:53]*: Yeah, the. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[00:53]*: The note taker. So. So, you know, it's been for the most part, really good. But I've been finding when I compare Fixer with like, Fathom, I do actually like Fathom's version a little bit better, but it's like, it doesn't make sense to pay for both at this point. 
**Ziah** *[01:11]*: But yeah. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[01:12]*: So, man, let's just jump in. I want to give you some updates. We did our annual planning, budgeting, all that good shit. So the short answer is, super excited, you know, to be engaging with you, Zaya. And I'll kind of say it's not a matter of if, it's more matter of when. So just to let you peek under the hood a little bit, we had a really great year last year. And in the final quarter, we really dropped some major balls, which ultimately resulted in us not being nearly as profitable in our ebitda, not being nearly as profitable as we hope for. So the brass tax of it is we are going to move forward with the program we want to move forward with. We just can't move forward within Q1 yet. Simply just don't have the budget for it. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[01:54]*: Yeah, we have budgeted it in for this year as long as Q1 goes the way we wanted to, which I don't see any reason why it shouldn't. So want to be a completely straight shooter in terms of that. Never drag you along because we are super excited about moving forward, you know, so the full package, like the full suite, everything you've proposed, that is what we ultimately want to Pursue and will. So it's just a matter of timing. So from our standpoint, what it'll look like going to get through this quarter, we'll do our EOS quarterly meeting right after that. I'll be able to give you like, hey, yep, green light or whatever that may look like at that time. So want to first give you an update on that. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[02:36]*: But in the meantime, in the short run, I'm not sure if there's a way for us to do a smaller engage or something. Like what we talked about is almost like this quick hit. 
**Ziah** *[02:45]*: Quick. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[02:45]*: Not quick hit, but kind of what you put in your kind of recap of like follow up is like, is there anything that you can help us, advise us on and get us going now? Whether like fixer, like, I'm sure there's other things that. How to optimize and use what we're currently doing, whether it's with ChatGPT or Fixer, for some of our immediate kind of team members and love to explore what that could possibly look like. Because at the end of the day, right, we have. We know we need to start using it more effectively. We know the sooner we can start using any sort of tools more effectively, the better experience our clients are going to have, the more retention we're going to have. Because what happens I. We crushed it last year. Really on the verge of like, yeah, January 1st. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[03:28]*: We're moving forward. Ziya. And just to be completely frank with you, in the last quarter, we normally churn a couple clients a month. It's very common in a fractional model. Right. The last quarter our team just fell completely flat. We turned like 16 clients, which is, you know, we're talking half a million dollars in annual revenue that was supposed to be getting developed, so. And a lot of it was our team got stagnant. It was some holidays, but at the end of the day there's, as we talked about, there's just too many human bottlenecks. And all it takes is for our human to be a little bit slower, not be completely dialed in and clients here and a year budger like, hey, it's been great, but hey, I need to go another route. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[04:08]*: And that's just letting you totally kind of peek beyond the curtain a little bit. 
**Ziah** *[04:11]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[04:12]*: And that's really where this coming year we're completely evolving our structure. So just also give you a little heads up. Before our pod leaders like Bryn, they were 50% clients, 50% managing the team. That's changing. We realized that those pod leaders are just not in A position to truly manage and equip the staff when half their time is being spent being an account manager themselves. And we maybe, I think we briefly maybe mentioned this a little bit to you in December. So what we're doing, our three middle managers are going to solely be focused on team development, training, keep retaining clients. They will be doing no client facing in terms of like day to day support. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[04:54]*: And then now what we're doing, Zaya, is we're going into a model that Haven mentioned to you when we did that call in December is we are now going to have eight like let's say account managers. It's kind of probably similar to your model a little bit. And other models like this is not rockets. They all they do is anything client facing. So they're going to be the ones on the calls. These are our rock stars that have that EQ and can make our clients feel great. And then their goal, make the clients feel the warm and fuzzies and then they will be delegating the work to a back end team. This back end team are folks on the team that all they like to do is just get shit done. They're not as great with the EQ side. 
**Ziah** *[05:33]*: Yep. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[05:33]*: I think one of the ladies you spoke with Commie and Commie would be in that can. Right. That's why she, I even viewed her as a low level person to screen because she gets stuff done but she's not as good with the client making them feel good. So we're going to completely pivot now. We're going to take our eight rock stars. They're going to be fate doing all the client facing. They're going to then have one to three folks below them that they delegate to do all the work. When they're done with the work, they'll send it to the account manager. They'll have that last set of eyes before anything goes to the client. Typical model that a lot of folks do. We just realize that's what we need to do for the price point of what we're charging. So that's a mouthful. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[06:16]*: Let me just pause there for a second. But I really view you more as we build this relationship more as a partner than just a vendor. So I wanted to like give you a little inside behind the scenes, let you know where we're going and see what we can do in the short run and long term to kind of start some engagement and provide some value. 
**Ziah** *[06:35]*: Yeah. So firstly, thanks for the honesty and the transparency. I know as a leader sometimes that news is not the most fun news to give people. Yeah, I think that, like ripping off the band aid and we have a, a value we run on Eos as well. And one of our values is move towards pain. It's based off of the obstacle is the way, which is a quote from Marcus Aurelius. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[06:55]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Ziah** *[06:56]*: You know, if there's a problem, like, you've just got to face it head on, you got to rip off the band aid. So I really respect that. And you're not alone. I had two clients on Q4 in a similar position where, you know, brakes are pumping a little bit. That falls back on us as well. And you know, I think that many entrepreneurs and industries are struggling a little bit with that right now. So you're not alone at all in that. And it's funny that's always kind of married with. Well, now we need to leverage AI more to keep the profitability high. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[07:30]*: And it's chicken or the egg, right? 
**Ziah** *[07:31]*: Exactly. So nothing personal taken there. I have some interesting short term opportunities that came to me over the break that I've thought about that might be interesting to you as well. And ultimately I view you as a partner as well. You know, you're moving towards exit. I just find it really exciting. Like, if we're going to build a big app with you, I would love to participate in that somewhat. Like maybe we figure out a little bit of a hybrid compensation model. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[07:58]*: Or something like that. It's all I think about, man. And like, as a visionary, it kills me to say, hey, we can't go for. Because like, I want to start building this with you. Our clients want it, I know the market needs it. And like we keep talking about, I'm in this unique position to truly like, build something that I know people are trying, but no one will be able to build like we can. I know. 
**Ziah** *[08:20]*: Mm. And I completely agree with that. And I think that ultimately the largest valuation pop you will get will be from having an AI asset personally. Yeah, you know, that might be, you know, a hammer seeing everything as a nail, but I really think the hypervaluated companies right now, it comes from those technical assets. So. Yeah, that makes sense. I love the shift in your model. You know, we similarly have been figuring out how to restructure our team, make sure that the right people are client facing. How do you delegate more client facing stuff, more execution stuff. So we're right in line with you as well in that and I, I respect it. So let me go into some of the juice yeah. What I've thought through. 
**Ziah** *[09:01]*: So I've thought about, you know, kind of continuing with this crawl walk, run approach with this application for you, and how do we marry your knowledge and your assets and your experience and wisdom into AI and how do we do that, you know, in the matter of a few days as opposed to a few months, as a crawl walk around approach. So again, you know, we have this model where we do our bootcamp, where we set you up for success within one week and then we into the retainer based model. Cool. That said, you know, especially right now, as we're, you know, frankly, just like you like figuring everything out. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[09:37]*: Yeah. 
**Ziah** *[09:38]*: You know, we're also doing things where like we sell blocks of hours to people, things like that come up with scope. And I'm hoping rather than just trying to pitch you or sell you for something, we play an infinite game. If you're familiar with infinite and finite games, it's okay for not. I'm playing an infinite game here with you. And so I'd like to show you something that I think could be genuinely valuable and then I'll let it speak for itself one way or another. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[10:04]*: Let's, let's do it, man. 
**Ziah** *[10:06]*: I think ultimately developing your own version of a fixer that also incorporates all the other pieces, like, I think that's more or less what you're going for. Right. And I've shown you ATLAS before, which is an agentic browser. Does that ring a bell for you? 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[10:23]*: It rings a bell. It rings a bell. A very faint bell, but I know what you're referring to. 
**Ziah** *[10:30]*: So agentic browsers allow AI to take over your keyboard and mouse for multiple tabs. So things like I need to organize a calendar or I need to organize an inbox. If you give those agents enough instruction, enough specific instruction, then they can accomplish those tasks the same way Fixer would. There's also currently open source, meaning you can get the source code, you can make your own version of it of these agentic browsers. Interesting. So this is something that we could do within a week together of a run approach, or even if we spread a week's worth of time across the quarter and we do like check ins and take bites out of the elephant. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[11:12]*: Right. 
**Ziah** *[11:12]*: That way. And so I didn't invest a ton of time on this idea. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[11:16]*: Holy cool. 
**Ziah** *[11:17]*: Play with it a little bit. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[11:18]*: Yeah. 
**Ziah** *[11:19]*: And I'll show you kind of it's running right now and I think that it'll do two major things for you. Okay, explain in just A second. So. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[11:33]*: Yeah, I love the idea of something like that because something that's going to be really critical. Zaya, with this new model, in the short run is like, how can I make those account managers who be super efficient, where, like they have a call recording, the call recording comes that can get immediately delegated or reviewed quick and delegated Right. To the team, and then when they're getting stuff back, quickly reviewed and delegated. But how can I also help those backend folks, you know, do more efficiently? So, yeah, I'm highly interested in all this. 
**Ziah** *[12:01]*: Beautiful. And I do think that it'll. It'll work well, like, out of the box. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[12:06]*: Yeah. 
**Ziah** *[12:07]*: One of the biggest things I found is I've done bigger projects for people is the time to ROI is really long. Right. When you have a big robust application, it can take three quarters before you're releasing revenue from it. And I figured, I mean, I got a little bit of a sense that you guys were having a hard time last we spoke and I was like, okay, well, what would actually really make sense for them? What would really work? So I put together something really simple as a demo where I built an agent where I used out of the box software to start sorting my inbox for me. So underneath efficient aid, just like with fixer, it's sorting things that I can ignore. Right. So these are just like random updates I don't need. 
**Ziah** *[12:52]*: Yeah, these are things that are important for me to check out at some point and then urgent things. So like I have a contract from another client and then you and I are meeting today and so. Yeah, that I should check out and I have an agent here. I'll let you behind the curtain. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[13:07]*: Okay. 
**Ziah** *[13:08]*: If I was going to show you the whole thing or not, but it's off to the side running and so you'll see it's going through and sorting all of the emails that I've gotten today. The cool part about this, if were to work together is there's two major things that I think would be important, which is we can actually record one of your backend assistants doing exactly what you want this agent to do. And it will copy those instructions just like it was trained by a senior. Thing is you can start to create slash commands with it. So every morning I could just say, like, run email. And it would go through all of their specific clients and sort all of their emails for them. And the other cool thing about this is it's not actually changing my inbox. 
**Ziah** *[14:00]*: So as we're rolling it out as a Tester. There is like zero opportunity for it to actually cause any damage, but high opportunity for it to provide value. That's huge. Yeah, yeah. And then the last thing that's really cool about it is if we set this up this way for you. I know another problem you were having was we can actually set this up under an enterprise account so every time your employees are working with AI, you get access to that data. So you can see how all of the different roles are using AI, the problems they're having, and you get like a good data export every single week to see how it's going. So these are things that we could like roll out right out of the. Right out of the gate for you. 
**Ziah** *[14:44]*: Like within a week, this could be set up and running for you. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[14:47]*: Yeah, that's exactly what my plan is for the short run here because that is one of the biggest time sucks for all of our team. And right now we're in this limbo where we still have our old structure, you're moving to the new one. So I need to interject in ways. Right now we're not missing emails or prompt question for you because this was one of the challenges, you know, so like all of our efficient aids, they join, I think we told you know, they join the tech stack of our clients. Like, they get an email that's through their domain, right. And then they give us access. They give us access to their email account, whether it's a delegated access or like, yep, here's my email password. We log in directly them. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[15:30]*: Could something like that be done on our side where they're not necessarily even seeing it or having to set it up because it's on a browser level? 
**Ziah** *[15:39]*: Yes. That's why I picked to do it this way is it'll work right off your browser. You don't need to download special software. The clients won't even see it. And it's incredibly scalable. So if you want to add like a Calendar module to it, like email works now it's moved to Calendar, which is another important thing for you guys. We can just roll it out the same way that we rolled out email. And the second that we get all this dialed in, that will inform us for Q2, 3, 4 with all that knowledge that we can directly translate into your app. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[16:09]*: I love it. I love it. I'm super interested. I'd love to see, you know, if you can send me whatever needs to be sent. I'd love to see what it cost to engage with you, to have us help us build this Structure. Right. And get like whatever training looks like. Because that what you just described is exactly what I was hopeful out of this call. Like what can we interject right now? Or like you said, spread throughout whatever. Because those are the two big things that suck up most of our cl, our teams that would help tremendously, you know, with that Atlas. You know, one thing that we are really hopeful that our team is using is like having a threat, like in Chat GPT, they'll have a thread for that client that they dump all the recording notes and everything. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[16:54]*: Would it, would it be able to operate like that? Like would they take this but also still leverage a Chat GPT or would it be able to that knowledge thread be able to be done this where like, hey, you've seen all my recordings, you've seen all my end of day summaries, give me recommendations of more ways I can help. Or can that be done in a one stop shop with Atlas? Or is that Atlas plus still using the Chat GPT? 
**Ziah** *[17:16]*: Yeah. So the short answer is Atlas is developed by ChatGPT and whatever you do in Atlas will show up in your ChatGPT account. So just like you were just Normally acting with ChatGPT, whenever you're working with Atlas, it'll remember that in your ChatGPT account. I would recommend considering switching to Claude for two reasons. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[17:37]*: Yeah. 
**Ziah** *[17:38]*: And if were to set up like an enterprise account and all those things, we could definitely do that for you. There's one additional like bolt on or additional thing that would be outside of this solution, which is how can you download all of the meeting summaries of how things are going with the client and refine the prompts for that specific client of how to sort their email, sort their calendar. And you know what it would do is like I said, I want it to be as simple as your employees just hitting slash email and they hit enter and it just does it for them. Right. I need the underlying logic to like really mirror the client's changing requests and behavior. We can do that manually and ultimately the system will still save hours like regardless. Right, right. 
**Ziah** *[18:22]*: But to automatically say, okay, I got feedback from the client this week and then that made it into the slash command, slash email. That's something we could definitely build. It would just be slightly outside of just putting together the branch. I don't know how many hours it would be, but it wouldn't be crazy. But that's something we'd build like a custom backend pipeline that takes meeting recordings, refines a prompt, puts it into that Slash command. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[18:44]*: I mean, I'm open to all this. This is the stuff. I don't know what I don't know. But I can tell you right now, the lowing fruit is how. Because every day our team sends a beginning a day message to the client. Like abbreviated. Here are the things, top three things you need to focus on. You mentioned to me, here's a quick snapshot of your calendar. Then at the end of the day it includes like, here's what I got done, here's what you need to be worried about, here's what happened in your email and here's what tomorrow looks like. Yep, that's super time consuming and there's errors and there's no logic to the team. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[19:14]*: What I'm trying to train them on is like, don't just throw that email over the fence and make sure it's intentional to that it's actually providing impact to the client. Because what I realized we had some people like, yeah, I've sent my email digest every day and when I look at them like, well, four out of five of these, there's nothing even here. There's no meat on the bone. Like you're just doing them to do them. And I want in the middle until we have these more senior people to oversee it. I need some way for them to be like, here is, here's my end of day summary. That's probably already drafted by AI but then have I also leveraging recordings say, but here's how to refine it or make it more concise or you tracking. 
**Ziah** *[19:53]*: With me on that? 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[19:53]*: I'm tracking you like not only getting it done, but helping along the way of making sure it actually is delivering value and impact in the long run. I'm not as worried because I will help with those drafts. It'll go the account manager and they can do that naturally. But in the meantime, I'm trying to not only help, and maybe this is two separate things, but one is just like, we got to get this done, make sure it's accurate and get it out the door in a quicker way. The next level that is like how can we leverage Atlas or a tool to like make sure it's done quickly, it's out the door, but it's actually being done well. 
**Ziah** *[20:28]*: Yeah, I, I agree. You know, I think that unlocking your operators by having them, you know, have more time in their day because they're not doing calendar, calendar and they're not inbox and they can actually spend like the same amount of time on the summaries. But the summaries are just so much better now for sure. Then, then you're really like net positive. I find stuff like this. You know, I actually, I give my clients a lot of time of face to face, but when we're executing, when we're building, when we're doing stuff like that, some of the more automatable processes, that's leverage AI. But I imagine that, you know, the reason why a client's hiring you as opposed to just using an AI assistant is because they get the personal touch 100%. 
**Ziah** *[21:09]*: You need to give your employees time for that personal touch and have the rest done correctly. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[21:14]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Ziah** *[21:15]*: And so totally tracking you. You know, the boot camp itself is 12,000 for the week, which is roughly about 100 hours or so of time. And so we sell blocks of hours in 20 hour increments. So it'd be about five blocks of hours or so. And I think that through that we could definitely set up the email, maybe the calendar automation plus getting all of your AI rolled up together and maybe the meeting summary. It just kind of depends how working with the team goes. Yeah, yeah. But the reason why we do those blocks is even just after 20 hours, like a smaller. How's this going? You can see pretty quickly how much value we're actually bringing for sure. 
**Ziah** *[21:56]*: And often the reason why I don't do fixed bid stuff anymore is your vision today is what you're going to want by the time building it. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[22:05]*: Well, especially when we see the data and we see how things are going. So no, I'm tracking with you. I'm highly interested. If you could formalize something, send it over. I have a meeting with Haven Thursday. This is exactly the intent. Like how can we just get something going, interject some value. Plus I think it'll ultimately, like you mentioned, it's going to drive a lot of data and information. So when we do start making the proprietary stuff in the app and this we have a little bit more data to make sure we're being extremely intentional with that. 
**Ziah** *[22:37]*: Yep, yep, you'll be set up well. And ultimately I didn't want to come to you unless I felt confident that the solution I could propose would be able to be done within that week, that 12k budget and would save your employees about 50% of their time on their arduous tasks. And I'm hoping the ROI, if I were to save you 50% of your time on email and calendars, would just like far exceed my proposal of the 12K or so. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[23:01]*: Yeah, and so that Sounds exactly right. And like where we really get into at the end of the day, if we're able to retain clients, we would have normally lost as a result. We. The compounding effect to that is dramatic to us and it gives us an interjection of a mass amount of cash flow. So yeah, not only if you're buying them time, but where we're now retaining more clients as a result of it because then they refer more. I mean that, I mean we'll throw as much money at this as we can because that's where the EBITDA and the profit comes for us. 
**Ziah** *[23:39]*: Beautiful. I'll send that over to you so you can get a sense of kind of what that engagement could look like. Again, I'm playing an infinite game here with you. I'm saying that for a second time to you because I'm not trying to just like squeeze you for a sale like in January. I'm this as a very long term relationship, I genuinely will send over something that I think has value. And if it's not the right time, if you're in a crunch as a business owner, like, I know what that's like. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[24:05]*: You get it, man, no problem. 
**Ziah** *[24:07]*: And if it does synergize, we can try and do it like little bites out of the elephant so you don't have some cost and you get value quickly. Cool. And then if you could send me any data you have as to why clients are leaving, I can also sit through, you know, okay, why are they leaving? How can that be alleviated by AI and come up with something there too. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[24:28]*: I will definitely send you that. And before we, in the last two minutes, I'll tell you, I can already tell you right now what it is. It is right? It is two things. Consistency and like, right. Like hey, you have a, some, you miss a digest or you miss an email and they're like, what the fuck? Because we're a premium option. The second is we have to continually evolve and be a thought partner and proactive with new and more ways to help them if we get stagnant, even though we're doing it on paper, exactly what they've asked us to do. After a while, one of our unique abilities, like I'm hiring you guys versus some of the Philippines because I want someone who can strategize and you work with a thousand Zayas. So come forward and say, here's how I'm helping other people. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[25:13]*: So if we're not consistently accurate and like dialed in and Second, if we don't continually show up as a thought partner with new ideas or, hey, I saw this. How would I do this? That type of relationship, after a while they're like, gosh, I'm just paying a ton of money to have someone check my email and calendar. That was helpful, but now I want more and I'm not getting it. 
**Ziah** *[25:34]*: So the short answer is, if we. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[25:37]*: Need to be able to have AI to help us just get the task checking shit done and get it done well. But we also need to have AI be a thought partner with our internal team to say, I've analyzed all the recordings, all the digest all this info. Here are 10 things you may not have thought of that prompts that you can give your client to make them feel like, whoa, yeah, you did see I sign up for a conference on my email. Yes, sure, yes, please go start looking at flights. Some of our team does that intuitively. But if AI could just smack them in the face every day saying, I skim their inbox, their calendar, all the notes, I know this person. Here are three quick prompts or messages you could send to give more value. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[26:17]*: And a lot of times a client will say, like, I don't even need that. But just that experience of, whoa, didn't ask you. You came forward with something new. Sometimes I like it, sometimes I don't. If that happens consistently, we're indispensable. They'd never want to leave us because they're like, man, they keep dropping nuggets. 
**Ziah** *[26:33]*: Right? 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[26:36]*: Period. We do a churn review. And all of our clients that left in Q4 is because we had shitty, stupid mistakes. And, like, we're not gonna buy a Ferrari if there's a flat tire. 
**Ziah** *[26:45]*: Yep. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[26:45]*: And then the other part about it is like, hey, we want to buy a Ferrari. But the reason we want to buy a Ferrari, we want all the mod upgrades and the new features that should come because the Ferrari bought day one. We don't want that same Ferrari a year down the road. 
**Ziah** *[26:57]*: Right, right. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[26:59]*: There is 98% besides smile liars. Why we lose clients. So you can do anything to help with that and equip these new account managers. You are indispensable to us like we would be to our clients and I would be. Because us retaining clients, we get more efficient, our profit goes up dramatically. 
**Ziah** *[27:18]*: Right. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[27:19]*: And I mean, we're growing 30, 40 year over year doing some stupid mistakes. If we can just retain clients, we could triple the company this year very easily. 
**Ziah** *[27:29]*: Yeah, brother. Great. I know we're at time. I'LL respect your time. Gives me plenty to chew on. Cool. I'll aim to get something to you. Maybe end of day tomorrow so you can review it Wednesday for your time with Haven on Thursday. 
**Kyle Walbrun | EfficientAide** *[27:42]*: I love it. Zai appreciate, as always. We'll stay in close touch. 
**Ziah** *[27:45]*: Be well, brother. See you, man. 
